David noticed he had put on a lot of weight recently. He examined his habits to try and figure out the reason. He realized he'd been eating too much fast food lately. He stopped going to burger places and started a vegetarian diet. After a few weeks, he started to feel much better.
Tom had a very short temper. One day a guest made him very angry. He punched a hole in the wall of his house. Tom's guest became afraid and left quickly. Tom sat on his couch filled with regret about his actions.
Marcus needed clothing for a business casual event. All of his clothes were either too formal or too casual. He decided to buy a pair of khakis. The pair he bought fit him perfectly. Marcus was happy to have the right clothes for the event.
Bobby thought Bill should buy a trailer and haul it with his car. Bill thought a truck would be better for what he needed. Bobby pointed out two vehicles were much more expensive. Bill was set in his ways with conventional thinking. He ended up buying the truck he wanted despite Bobby's advice.
John was a pastor with a very bad memory. He tried to memorize his sermons many days in advance but to no avail. He decided to learn to sing to overcome his handicap. He then made all his sermons into music and sang them on Sundays. His congregation was delighted and so was he.
Melody's parents surprised her with a trip to the big aquarium. Melody took a nap during the two hour car ride to the aquarium. When they arrived, Melody was energetic and excited. At the aquarium Melody saw sharks, tropical fish and many others. After five hours at the aquarium, Melody and her family drove home.
The math teacher announced a pop quiz as class began. While some students complained, he began passing out the quiz. I took out my pencil and began to work. About 5 minutes later, I finished. I stood up feeling confident and turned it in.
My first girlfriend i met on the internet. She lives about 4 hours away from me. Finally after 2 years we met each other. She stayed with me for a week or two. We decided we couldn't be apart so she moved in with me.
I got Charlie Horse when I was four years old. He's a brown stuffed horse, and at 35 I still sleep with him at night. He was my best friend, and always laid at the head of my bed. I laid him next to me, smelling his soft fur every night. I liked to listen to my radio as I fell asleep cuddling him.
Laura loved corn. So she decided to grow some in her backyard. The whole process of growing them made her very excited. But she realized that they required too much water. So Laura quickly abandoned her corn garden idea.
